README.md, before:

#contextMenu

AngularJS UI Bootstrap Module for adding context menus to elements. [Demo](http://codepen.io/templarian/pen/VLKZLB)

- `npm install angular-bootstrap-contextmenu` or
- `bower install angular-bootstrap-contextmenu`



[![Example](http://i.imgur.com/U3xybfE.png)](http://codepen.io/templarian/pen/VLKZLB)

## Usage

Add a reference to `contextMenu.js`. In your app config add `ui.bootstrap.contextMenu` as a dependency module.

### View

```html
<div>
    <div ng-repeat="item in items" context-menu="menuOptions">Right Click: {{item.name}}</div>
</div>
<div ng-bind="selected"></div>
```

### Controller

```js
$scope.selected = 'None';
$scope.items = [
    { name: 'John', otherProperty: 'Foo' },
    { name: 'Joe', otherProperty: 'Bar' }
};

$scope.menuOptions = [
    ['Select', function ($itemScope) {
        $scope.selected = $itemScope.item.name;
    }],
    null, // Dividier
    ['Remove', function ($itemScope) {
        $scope.items.splice($itemScope.$index, 1);
    }]
];
```

## Menu Options

Every menu option has an array with 2-3 indexs. Most items will use the `[String, Function]` format. If you need a dynamic item in your context menu you can also use the `[Function, Function]` format.

The third optional index is a function used to enable/disable the item. If the functtion returns true, the item is enabled (default). If no function is provided, the item will be enabled by default. 

```js
$scope.menuOptions = [
    [function ($itemScope, $event) {
        return $itemScope.item.name;
    }, function ($itemScope, $event) {
        // Action
    }, function($itemScope, $event) {
        // Enable or Disable
        return true; // enabled = true, disabled = false
    }]
];
```

The menuOptions can also be defined as a function returning an array. An empty array will not display a context menu.

```html
<div ng-repeat="item in items" context-menu="menuOptions(item)">Right Click: {{item.name}}</div>
```

```js
$scope.menuOptions = function (item) {
    if (item.name == 'John') { return []; }
    return [
        [function ($itemScope) {
            return $itemScope.item.name;
        }, function ($itemScope) {
            // Action
        }]
    ];
};
```

## Model Attribute (optional)

In instances where a reference is not passed through the `$itemScope` (i.e. not using `ngRepeat`), there is a `model` attribute that can pass a value.

```html
<div context-menu="menuOptions" model="expression">Some item name here</div>
```

The `model` is evaluated as an expression using `$scope.$eval` and passed as the third argument.

```js
$scope.menuOptions = [
    [function ($itemScope, $event, model) {
        return $itemScope.item.name;
    }, function ($itemScope, $event, model) {
        // Action
    }, function($itemScope, $event, model) {
        // Enable or Disable
        return true; // enabled = true, disabled = false
    }]
];
```

## Style Overlay

The class `angular-bootstrap-contextmenu` is added to the `<div>` that this context-menu is attached to.

To give a light darker disabled tint while the menu is open add the style below.

```css
body > .angular-bootstrap-contextmenu.dropdown {
    background-color: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);
}
```


## Custom HTML

```
var customHtml = '<div style="cursor: pointer; background-color: pink">' +
                 '<i class="glyphicon glyphicon-ok-sign"></i> Testing Custom </div>';
                 
var customItem = {
    html: customHtml, 
    enabled: function() {return true}, 
    click: function ($itemScope, $event, value) {
        alert("custom html");
    }};
    
$scope.customHTMLOptions = [customItem,
    ['Example 1', function ($itemScope, $event, value) {
        alert("Example 1");
    }]
```

## Nested Menus (v0.9.5+)

Nested lists work by appending an array as the last index of any list of menu items.

```js
$scope.menuOptions = [
    ['Parent Item 1', function ($itemScope) {
        // Code
    },  [
            ['Child Item 1', function ($itemScope) {
                // Code
            }],
            ['Child Item 2', function ($itemScope) {
                // Code
            }]
        ]
    ]
];
```

Commit message:

add custom css class support

README.md, after:

#contextMenu

AngularJS UI Bootstrap Module for adding context menus to elements. [Demo](http://codepen.io/templarian/pen/VLKZLB)

- `npm install angular-bootstrap-contextmenu` or
- `bower install angular-bootstrap-contextmenu`



[![Example](http://i.imgur.com/U3xybfE.png)](http://codepen.io/templarian/pen/VLKZLB)

## Usage

Add a reference to `contextMenu.js`. In your app config add `ui.bootstrap.contextMenu` as a dependency module.

### View

```html
<div>
    <div ng-repeat="item in items" context-menu="menuOptions">Right Click: {{item.name}}</div>
</div>
<div ng-bind="selected"></div>
```

### Controller

```js
$scope.selected = 'None';
$scope.items = [
    { name: 'John', otherProperty: 'Foo' },
    { name: 'Joe', otherProperty: 'Bar' }
};

$scope.menuOptions = [
    ['Select', function ($itemScope) {
        $scope.selected = $itemScope.item.name;
    }],
    null, // Dividier
    ['Remove', function ($itemScope) {
        $scope.items.splice($itemScope.$index, 1);
    }]
];
```

## Menu Options

Every menu option has an array with 2-3 indexs. Most items will use the `[String, Function]` format. If you need a dynamic item in your context menu you can also use the `[Function, Function]` format.

The third optional index is a function used to enable/disable the item. If the functtion returns true, the item is enabled (default). If no function is provided, the item will be enabled by default. 

```js
$scope.menuOptions = [
    [function ($itemScope, $event) {
        return $itemScope.item.name;
    }, function ($itemScope, $event) {
        // Action
    }, function($itemScope, $event) {
        // Enable or Disable
        return true; // enabled = true, disabled = false
    }]
];
```

The menuOptions can also be defined as a function returning an array. An empty array will not display a context menu.

```html
<div ng-repeat="item in items" context-menu="menuOptions(item)">Right Click: {{item.name}}</div>
```

```js
$scope.menuOptions = function (item) {
    if (item.name == 'John') { return []; }
    return [
        [function ($itemScope) {
            return $itemScope.item.name;
        }, function ($itemScope) {
            // Action
        }]
    ];
};
```

## Custom Class

Add your custom class to top element of the context menu

```html
<div context-menu="menuOptions" context-menu-class="custom_class"></div>
```

## Model Attribute (optional)

In instances where a reference is not passed through the `$itemScope` (i.e. not using `ngRepeat`), there is a `model` attribute that can pass a value.

```html
<div context-menu="menuOptions" model="expression">Some item name here</div>
```

The `model` is evaluated as an expression using `$scope.$eval` and passed as the third argument.

```js
$scope.menuOptions = [
    [function ($itemScope, $event, model) {
        return $itemScope.item.name;
    }, function ($itemScope, $event, model) {
        // Action
    }, function($itemScope, $event, model) {
        // Enable or Disable
        return true; // enabled = true, disabled = false
    }]
];
```

## Style Overlay

The class `angular-bootstrap-contextmenu` is added to the `<div>` that this context-menu is attached to.

To give a light darker disabled tint while the menu is open add the style below.

```css
body > .angular-bootstrap-contextmenu.dropdown {
    background-color: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);
}
```


## Custom HTML

```
var customHtml = '<div style="cursor: pointer; background-color: pink">' +
                 '<i class="glyphicon glyphicon-ok-sign"></i> Testing Custom </div>';
                 
var customItem = {
    html: customHtml, 
    enabled: function() {return true}, 
    click: function ($itemScope, $event, value) {
        alert("custom html");
    }};
    
$scope.customHTMLOptions = [customItem,
    ['Example 1', function ($itemScope, $event, value) {
        alert("Example 1");
    }]
```

## Nested Menus (v0.9.5+)

Nested lists work by appending an array as the last index of any list of menu items.

```js
$scope.menuOptions = [
    ['Parent Item 1', function ($itemScope) {
        // Code
    },  [
            ['Child Item 1', function ($itemScope) {
                // Code
            }],
            ['Child Item 2', function ($itemScope) {
                // Code
            }]
        ]
    ]
];
```
